We'll come back and this week we are going to look at the completion of Python basics file and we're
going to answer two questions here or we're going to write the code that is requested.
And in this case we have this little situation where a mathematician.
So a magician who likes math.
He's asking us to automate one of her tricks with a small program.
The trick starts as follow.
Think of a number variable number multiplied by to add 10 to the result and divide the result by two.
So we have this variable number here.
This is think of a number.
So we have this variable number six and now we need to write code into the following line.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We need to write instead of result is zero.
We need to write the code that does what we have here.
So multiply by two.
All right let's do that let's multiply number by 2.
Now the next thing is add 10 to the result.
So what is the result of that.
It's whatever is done within the brackets.
So now let's add 10 to it and now divide this result by two.
Of course you could have done that in multiple lines but I'm going to do it in one line and I'm going
to use brackets again and divide now by two.
So no I have followed this instruction here.
Think of a number where we have that number six for example multiplied by two.
We've done that here then added tend to result to the result.
And that's this one here and then finally divide that by two and that's it.
So now let's run the code and we can see we get 11 toward zero as a result.
So now there is a little suggestion.
This is really about the Pied Python code.
It's not that much about the story right but the story is a little something to follow along.
It's a cool thing.
But what is really important is that you understand the code behind that and the approach that we are
using.
All right.
So then we have this result correct output is 11.0 that's exactly what we have here.
When she sees the mathematician turns up her nose the result is still displayed as a decimal number.
Now we need to convert the result to an integer before we presented.
So let's go ahead and display the result of the calculation here has an integer.
So let's go ahead.
I'm just going to add a line here.
Print end result.
So what we do here is we simply print the result as an integer.
So let's do that and we see we get this result of course in order to easier understand what the result
is.
We can have this line in here as well.
So now it's easier to follow along with the result.
In the end should be right the correct output is 11.
And here it is.
No need to be colored.
What that means is actually this is incorrect here.
No need to be color.
This means that here we see it as a green 11 but it should be black or whatever the color comes up.
So the color doesn't matter.
Now the next step is to mathematician points out that magic tricks also depend on the presentation.
Now give an answer sentence of the form you chose six.
The magical result is 11 where the variable number is to be used for number six.
And the result variable result for the number 11.
So we should say something like you chose number.
The magical result is result.
So let's just do that.
Let's add a line in here which is does dead print
you chose and then plus has t our number plus the space.
The magical resoled is Plus as t our result as we need to use it as a result.
And here it's important that we have the closing bracket for that print statement from here.
And also we have this exclamation mark so let's add that in there as well.
11 exclamation mark.
All right.
Now let's check it out.
And as we can see you chose six.
The magical result is 11.
And now it needs to be as in 11.
So we need to also use an integer here.
So we need to make it an integer.
So how do we do that.
Well we use the int function here.
So we say make an integer out of this result and then make a string out of the result of this approach
here.
So if we run that again we can see you chose six the magical result is 11.
All right so now the mathematician is happy with the result here.
But then she has a different problem.
So mathematician is very happy with your work and asked you for help with her online shop.
She only knows the e-mail addresses of our customers and you should create a simply fide directory with
the names based on the e-mail addresses.
So draw a name from a e-mail address or an e-mail address in the form name add service that come if
the e-mail address is.
For example Max must remain at G-mail.
But come you should out put Max minus mastermind.
If the e-mail address is Clora clar name on that then it should be or at uni Berlin at 30 than it should
be.
Clark Namen so be sure to check the split method again.
This allows you to source plute or so or split an email address had the ADD symbol for example.
So we have this email address with the wizard and Magic School dot com.
And to correct output should be willy wizard.
So how do we do that.
Well can simply go ahead and print that let's print.
But what do we want to do when we want to split the email as follows.
With the split function and here we use add as the split character
and then we want to have the first entry.
This is a list so we split it up but now we want a first entry from it and I know this one was tricky
but if you figure this out then that's great.
And I check it out and we see see that wizard.
That's going to be the name of the guy now.
All right so now draw a name from an email address in the form info at name dot com.
Sometimes the names of the email address are only after the ADD sign.
Also print the names for such cases.
Remove the ending dot com or dot to e.
You may assume that there is no period with the name.
If the email address is for example info at max Monis must have meant accom you should output mux madness
must amount on next month's muscleman and then note.
It's OK if you need several split functions for the calculation.
Or if you wanted to cash a result also or you're also welcome to use the code from a subtask queue.
All right so let's go ahead and do that for this e-mail address that we have here.
So there's a lady called Hielan a work which And we want to get her name from that email address.
So let's go ahead and print that.
So we use the print method again or print function and we say mail that split the at sign but then we
want to have not the first entry but the second entry.
So we use one and that we want to split again.
So we want to split it at the dot and we do so by using the split method or function once again where
I just say Sblood and Dot and here off we want to have the first entry.
So so what does this do.
So what happens in here.
Actually that should be outside.
So you have to be super careful right because if you have the or have anything at the wrong point then
it's going to be pretty difficult.
So let me execute that.
And as you can see we get Helinet which.
So why is that.
So first of all we split at the outside so we split that debt and we have two entries in our list because
this here this creates a list.
So we have a list with two entries and the zero index zero we have in for at index 1.
We have Halina minus which dot com.
And that's exactly what we get with this piece here so we get this minus which dot com and now we split
that piece again because this year is a string again because we're only getting 1 inch.
So we get the string and now we can apply the split function once again onto that string.
And this time we split the dot so we split this piece of text here at this dot here.
So at DOT and we take the first entry of this whole thing here with this whole list.
And that will be healin which.
So now in order to do that with two lines we can also approach it like that.
We can just take mail that split at the sign like this and we want to.
Well let's just do that as you can see we have this approach here with this list here which is info
you know which are come.
Now if you want to print mail dot split at the at sign once again but this time I want to get the entry
at one and I have one separator on the wrong side.
So now we're good as you can see now we get this Nina and or minus which dot come.
That's what what happens here and what we could do is of course store data so we could go ahead and
store it with any variable and that will be name on the score and ending or at Ptomaine Maybe.
Maybe that's better and high level domain high level domain because that's what this does.
Now.
This is is not mind is which dot com.
That's what this gives us.
Now we can split this one here.
So this name and high level domain and we can split that again.
So let's split it at the dot and let's print that as well.
So let's print the result of that.
Let's actually store that in a list.
So I'm going to call that list is going to be actually list one is going to be that.
And let's print out and list one.
So print list one as you can see we have this list which says here you know mine which one minus which.
And then we have come in from that list.
We only take the first entry.
So we say print last one had position zero and now it's running again and you can see we can get to
see which.
So what we've done here in multiple lines is what I have done here in one line.
Okay good.
So let's go to the next point.
Calculate how many customers are there in the online shops so we have currently all the customers maybe
one maybe two and three present has a or present as a separate variable more here each of them is separated.
And once you have them within this client's list.
So let's put them in there.
Well how do we do that.
We simply use the append function append mail one then have clients that append mail to and clients
append Mail free.
And of course you have to be super careful that the names are correct.
So this is clients exactly the name as we had it here.
So now let's print it out or let's run it and you can see we have our thought magic work and so forth
who you know had Darden at all those kind of guys.
Now we want to know the number of people in the list.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Print Len clients.
So what that does is it simply gives us the length of this list of clients.
And this by the way we just added an element or a string to our list which is called clients and that's
done by the append function now finally assembling e-mail address from strings so now we have the approach
it is vice versa we have stage magic and magic dot com and now we would like to have something like
stage magic at magic dot com.
So let's do that and therefore we need to use the join function.
So let's print at thought join magic ssion or magician.
This one here.
And if you want to make sure you can copy and paste it so not it's printed out.
And as you can see stage magic and magic come.
So if you want to combine two elements from or multiple element elements from a list you can use to
join function.
If you want to separate them.
You used to split function and if you want to add an element to a list use depende function.
All right.
So if you managed all of it that's awesome if you manage some of that.
It's still good if you didn't manage any of them then you might want to read watch or reread some of
the hands of handouts that you have within this chapter.
All right so I hope you enjoy this chapter in the next chapter.
We're going to look at the next basic aspects which are super important in programming and that will
be control flows.
So see you there.